Google Terms terms:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Welcome!  When using Google's services, you agree to the terms
and conditions listed on this page (the "Terms of Service"),
which may be updated by us from time to time.  A complete
statement of our privacy policy can be found
here.


The Google logo and search service are made available for
non-commercial use only. You may not use the Google search
service to sell a product or service, or to increase traffic to
your Web site for commercial reasons, such as advertising sales.
If you want to make commercial use of the Google search engine,
please contact  bizdev@google.com  for
information on Google's services.


Without express permission from Google, you may not take the
results from a Google search and reformat and display them, or
mirror the Google home page or results pages on your Web site,
or send automated queries to Google's system.  Please contact  permissions@google.com 
for more information.


You are expressly encouraged to add a
Google search box to your web site that performs a search on
Google.


Google's search technology automatically produces search results
that reference sites and information located worldwide
throughout the Internet.  Because we have no control over such
sites and information, we make no guarantee as to such sites and
information, including the accuracy, currency, content or
quality of any such sites and information and we assume no
responsibility as to whether the search locates unintended or
objectionable content. Furthermore, because some content on the
Internet consists of material that is adult-oriented or
otherwise objectionable to some people, the results of your
search on our sites may automatically and unintentionally
generate links or references to objectionable material. We make
no claim that such surprises might not occur.


We may modify or discontinue our services or your account with
us, with or without notice, without liability to you, any other
user or any third party.  We reserve the right to terminate your
account if we learn that you have provided us with false or
misleading registration information, interfered with other users
or the administration of Google's services, or violated these
Terms of Service.


You understand and agree that Google's services are provided
"AS-IS". Google assumes no responsibility for the timeliness,
deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user
communications or personalization settings. In particular, but
not by way of limitation, Google may delete e-mail accounts or
the information therein if the account is inactive for greater
than ninety (90) days.


You understand and expressly agree that use of Google's services
are at your sole risk, that any material and/or data downloaded
or otherwise obtained through the use of Google's services is at
your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely
responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of
data that results from the download of such material and/or
data.


Except as expressly set forth on our sites, Google disclaims all
warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, including without
limitation any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose or non-infringement and it makes no warranty
or representation regarding the results that may be obtained
from the use of Google's services, regarding the accuracy or
reliability of any information obtained through Google's
services, regarding any goods or services purchased or obtained
through Google's services, regarding any transactions entered
into Google's services or that Google's services will meet any
user's requirements, be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error
free.


Google will not be liable for any direct, indirect incidental,
special, consequential or punitive damages of any kind resulting
from the use of or the inability to use Google's services,
resulting from any goods or services purchased or obtained or
messages received or transactions entered into through Google's
services, resulting from loss of, unauthorized access to or
alteration of a user's transmission or data or for the cost of
procurement of substitute goods and services, including but not
limited to damages for loss of profits, use, data or other
intangibles, even if Google had been advised of the possibility
of such damages.


You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Google, its
affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants and
agents from any and all third party claims, liability, damages
and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys fees)
arising from your use of our services, your violation of the
Terms of Service or your infringement, or infringement by any
other user of your account, of any intellectual property or
other right of any person or entity. The Terms of Service will
inure to the benefit of Google's successors, assigns and
licensees.


These Terms of Service will be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of California, without
giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual
state or country of residence. If for any reason a court of
competent jurisdiction finds any provision or portion of the
Terms of Service to be unenforceable, the remainder of the Terms
of Service will continue in full force and effect.


These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous
understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such
subject matter. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of
Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by
Google.

©1999 Google Inc.